QA for application!

Overall project requirements. All requirements require sequel queries (basic option), and frontend display/entering specifications. More details in the phase3.pdf


To do QA for: 17, 18, 19,

Finished:

In progress: 6, 8, 11, 13, 16, 20


TODO’s
6. Edit Review:  grey out edit button until value is edited.
8. Line Summary: Passengers can edit Line order.  should not be the case. make separate page for passenger and admin.
11. Trip: embarking with Empty card value crashes the form. (Grey out or fix)
13. Update Trip: don't allow updating or re-updating of the same trip with no end station.
16. Edit Admin Profile: (SQL PROBLEM) Make it cascade to removes all stations or lines added by the admin.
20. Add Station: status changing. (think it's finished)



QA tested Front: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15

QA tested back:


Finished:
rejected review fixed. (15)
comment non-sortable (5)
card used / end datetime: non sortable (12)




Credentials:
1) User login. input(id, password) Just check if inserted id and password match.

2) Registration. input(First, MI, Last, Email, User Id (unique), Password, Confirm Password)
constraints: userid unique,  confirm password (must match), and password must have at least 8 characters.

Passenger Only:
3) (FRONT END) Passenger Landing page. buttons for each passenger functionality

4) Leave Review. input(station (dropdown alphabetical), shopping rating, connection speed, comment (optional))
note: default status of a review is pending (approval)

5) View Reviews. (Front end mostly) populate a table with all user reviews.
displays(id, station, shopping, conection speed, comment, approval status)
sortable by anything except comment.
Should link to the edit page from id, and the station page from the station name.

6) Edit Review. pulls all data from current review on view reviews page. (show status as pending or approved)
Delete review deletes the review. Save review resets status to pending.

7) Station info. displays info on station (address, lines, avg shopping, avg connection speed, reviews)
display calculate average values for shopping / connection speed ratings.
Lines must link to line summaries.
Only display approved reviews and use in calcuation of average values.

8) Line Summary. display(line name, stations, order, number of stops) sortable by stations or order. Station link to station summary page.

9) Edit profile. new user input page, prepolated with existing data.
Delete. cascading: deletes subsequent reviews cards and trips.
userid still unique, password and confirm password are still equal.

Passenger and Admin (both)

10) Buy Card.
Clicking on any of the four buttons should“buy” that card for the user.
options:
●T-mes cards expire a month from when theyare purchased (i.e. if it is purchased March21, it expires April 21) and have infiniteuses
●T-10 cards have 10 uses and never expire
●T-50/30 cards have 50 uses over the span of30 days
●T-jove cards have infinite uses and last for 90 days

11) Go on a Trip. input(Start station (dropdown in alphabetical order), card's used, (all users valid card's))
clicking embark begins the trip and uses one use on a card.
cannot embark without a valid card.
End datetime starts a s null, as well as end station
start datetime is current date and time.

12) view trips.  displays(start date, end datetime, card used, from, to)
sortable by start datetime, from and to
stations clickable.
click and update each trip.

13) Update Trip. input the end station (like rodalies) and updates that value for that specific trip.  Uses current timne as the end datetime.
(ask if you can update multiple times.)

Admin Only
14) Admin Landing. Passenger with more functionality.

15) review passenger reviews:
Should pull all pending reviews from the database.
station is clickable
Approve reject. removes from table and appropriately stores the approval or rejection.

16) edit profile. same as user without email.
delete (cascade) removes all stations or lines added by the admin.
on delete Reviews approved should remain approved with a null admin id.

17) Add station. input(station name (unique), street address, city, state, province, post/zipcode (combination of add info unique), line, order number (must be new),add station button)
displays table of lines station is already pending to be added on.

18) Add Line. input(line name, stations (dropdown), order number, add station button, add line button)
displays table of stations pending on this line (if it were to be created)

19) Line summary. (same as 8)
functionality to delete stations from line and update.
Order should also be able to be edited (preventing overlap)

20) Station info. (same as 7)
able to edit status: closed, open, or  half capacity


Query types:

Fill this out! not sure yet!


UI types required.
Landing: Passenger 3, Admin 14, Buy Card 10

Form: login 1, registration 2, Leave review 4, Edit Review 6, edit profile 9, Go on a trip 11, Update trip 13, edit admin profile 16,

Table: View Reviews 5, Station info 7, Line Summary 8, View Trips 12, review reviews 15, Line Summary admin 19, Station Info 20

Form with dynamic table: Add station 17, Add Line 18,
